---
title: H5P
nav_order: 2
layout: default
---

# H5P
{: .no_toc }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

H5P modules produced by Griffith are hosted at griffith.h5p.com. It's not possible to export modules as self-contained HTML. They can either be viewed on the H5P domain or they can be embedded into other web pages.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }
<!-- You can style the preceding line using .fs for font size and .fw for font weight -->

---

## Viewing H5P content on the H5P website

**Upsides**

- No additional work is necessary. The material is ready to view with a link.

**Downsides**

- You can't incorporate the content into an existing course or page.
- Branding options are limited to nonexistent.

**Instructions**

1. Log in to griffith.h5p.com and find the module you want to publish.
2. Click the ellipsis button and choose 'publish'
3. Select 'public'.
4. Click on 'External link'
5. Click on the link to copy it.

From there, you can past the link into any page you are using—for example, a Canvas course site.

> Here's what it looks like: [Sample question](https://griffith.h5p.com/content/1291436430555436329).

---

## Embedding a H5P module into GitHub:

Note: As with any embeddable content, GitHub isn't the only place you can put it.
{:. .note }

**Upsides**

- Modules can be incorporated into an existing page (see the example below).
- You can brand and control the look of the page.

**Downsides**

- Extra work involved in preparing a site on GitHub.

**Instructions**

1. Create your GitHub repository. 
2. Optionally choose a template that allows for Markdown editing, like Evan Williams' Workshop-B, Learn-Static or Just The Docs.
3. Turn on Pages in the repository settings (use the new actions option)
4. Log in to griffith.h5p.com and find the module you want to publish.
5. Click the ellipsis button and choose 'publish'
6. Select 'public'.
7. Click on 'Embed code'.
8. Click on the embed code to copy it.
9. Paste it in to a page on your GitHub site.

Here's an example: 

<iframe src="https://griffith.h5p.com/content/1291436430555436329/embed" aria-label="Majicke Johnsohne" width="1088" height="637" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" allow="autoplay *; geolocation *; microphone *; camera *; midi *; encrypted-media *"></iframe><script src="https://griffith.h5p.com/js/h5p-resizer.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

Note: You can see the material here, but it is hosted on H5P.com! If H5P.com were to be unavailable this content could not be seen!
{:. .note }